# USB-Enabled 4x3 Capacitive Touch Keypad Project Description 

This repository contains all the documents and files for my final project in ECE-2263 Embedded Systems in C. This is an Electrical and Computer Engineering course I took my freshman year of college. The final project was completely up to the student, but it had to incorporate the NUCLEO-STM32F411RE Microcontroller Development Board we had been using all semester.

If you would like an overview of my entire project, I would start by watching the demo video in demonstrationVideo.mp4. I would then read my formal design report found in the Design Report folder as Dyer_FinalProjectDesignReport_v1.pdf. This is a lengthy report detailing exactly what the project is, how it works, and other useful information. That report is my final submission to the instructor for this project. Both files are a bit too large to view directly in GitHub (the report is 48 pages long) so you might have to download them rather than viewing them on GitHub. 

In addition, at the start of this project we created a formal requirements document listing the requirements we expected our project to meet. This can be found in the Requirements Document folder if you wish to see that aspect.

KEYBOARD_HELPER.pdf is the reference for the standard used in HID Keyboard Devices such as this project. I had to reference this when sending the keystroke information from the microcontroller to an attached computer.

The rest of the files contain the source code and .stl files for 3D printing I modeled myself in Fusion360.

NOTE: Most of the code in the STM32F411RE folder is auto generated by the STM32cubeIDE. This vastly speeds up development time but only gets the basic functionality like I/O, serial, debugging, etc. See https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeide.html if you want to learn more. 
